#9982 Alternative layouts for the TOC (#9983)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

  - `activateSettingsTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `TOCItemsSettings` when available
  - `activateQueryTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `FilterLayer` when available
  - `activateDownloadTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `LayerDownload` when available
  - `activateMetedataTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `MetadataInfo` when available
  - `checkPlugins` remove property, now availability of tools rely on the related plugin so this check is not needed anymore  
  - `showFullTitleOnExpand`  removed property, the new style allows to see the full title inline without duplicating it
  - `metadataTemplate` this configuration has been moved to `MetadataInfo` plugin
  - `metadataOptions` this configuration has been moved to `MetadataInfo` plugin

### Introduction of MetadataInfo plugin

The MetadataInfo plugin has been introduced to include the layer metadata info button of the TOC toolbar has separated plugin as expected by the new TOC.
Some steps are needed to correctly configure it:

> 
> - Ensure to import the MetadataInfo plugin in the downstream project
> - Include the plugin definition in the pluginsConfig.json to make it available inside contexts.
> - Move the related configuration (cfg) from the TOC to the MetadataInfo definition in the localConfig.json. This only in case the layer metadata button was configured at application level
> 
> expected changes in the `pluginsConfig.json` file:
> 
> - add `MetadataInfo` entry to the list
> 
> ```js
> {
>     "name": "MetadataInfo"
> }
> ```
> 
> - add `MetadataInfo` to `TOC` children
> 
> ```js
> {
>     "name": "TOC",
>     "glyph": "1-layer",
>     "symbol": "layers",
>     "title": "plugins.TOC.title",
>     "description": "plugins.TOC.description",
>     "defaultConfig": {
>         "activateAddLayerButton": true,
>         "addLayersPermissions": true,
>         "removeLayersPermissions": true,
>         "sortingPermissions": true,
>         "addGroupsPermissions": true,
>         "removeGroupsPermissions": true,
>         "activateWidgetTool": true,
>         "activateMetedataTool": false
>     },
>     "children": [
>         "TOCItemsSettings",
>         "FeatureEditor",
>         "FilterLayer",
>         "AddGroup",
>         "Swipe",
>         "MetadataInfo"
>     ],
>     "autoEnableChildren": [
>         "TOCItemsSettings",
>         "FeatureEditor",
>         "FilterLayer",
>         "AddGroup"
>     ],
>     "dependencies": [
>         "DrawerMenu"
>     ]
> }
> ```
> 
> Note: contexts using this tool needs to be updated referring to the configuration of the new MetadataInfo plugin.
> 
> ### Removal of deprecated FloatingLegend plugin
> 
> The Floating legend plugin has been completely removed from the core repository.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### TOC plugin refactor

The table of content (TOC) has been refactored with following changes:

- Removal of hardcoded tools from the toolbar. Now all the toolbar's elements are injected by related plugins. This includes also the introduction of a new plugin called `MetadataInfo` for layer metadata.
- Refactors of TOC components
- Review of plugin configuration (cfg). List of changed configuration properties:
  - `activateSettingsTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `TOCItemsSettings` when available
  - `activateQueryTool` removed property, now the button will be directly added by `FilterLayer` plugin, when available
  - `activateDownloadTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `LayerDownload` when available
  - `activateMetedataTool` removed property, now the button will be added directly from `MetadataInfo` when availables
  - `checkPlugins` remove property, now availability of tools rely on the related plugin so this check is not needed anymore  
  - `showFullTitleOnExpand`  removed property, the new style allows for seeing the full title inline without duplicating it
  - `metadataTemplate` this configuration has been moved to `MetadataInfo` plugin
  - `metadataOptions` this configuration has been moved to `MetadataInfo` plugin

### Introduction of MetadataInfo plugin

The `MetadataInfo` plugin has been introduced to include the layer metadata info button of the TOC toolbar has separated plugin as expected by the new TOC.
Some steps are needed to correctly configure it:

- Ensure to import the `MetadataInfo` plugin in the downstream project
- Include the plugin definition in the `pluginsConfig.json` to make it available inside contexts
- Move the related configuration (cfg) from the TOC to the `MetadataInfo` plugin definition in `localConfig.json` file. This is only necessary if the layer metadata button was configured at the application level
- Update your contexts to use `MetadataInfo` plugin, properly configured, when needed

expected changes in the `pluginsConfig.json` file:

- add `MetadataInfo` entry to the list

```js
{
    "name": "MetadataInfo"
}
```

- add `MetadataInfo` to `TOC` children

```js
{
    "name": "TOC",
    "glyph": "1-layer",
    "symbol": "layers",
    "title": "plugins.TOC.title",
    "description": "plugins.TOC.description",
    "defaultConfig": {
        "activateAddLayerButton": true,
        "addLayersPermissions": true,
        "removeLayersPermissions": true,
        "sortingPermissions": true,
        "addGroupsPermissions": true,
        "removeGroupsPermissions": true,
        "activateWidgetTool": true,
        "activateMetedataTool": false
    },
    "children": [
        "TOCItemsSettings",
        "FeatureEditor",
        "FilterLayer",
        "AddGroup",
        "Swipe",
        "MetadataInfo"
    ],
    "autoEnableChildren": [
        "TOCItemsSettings",
        "FeatureEditor",
        "FilterLayer",
        "AddGroup"
    ],
    "dependencies": [
        "DrawerMenu"
    ]
}
```

Note: contexts using this tool needs to be updated referring to the configuration of the new MetadataInfo plugin.

### Removal of deprecated FloatingLegend plugin

The `FloatingLegend` plugin has been completely removed from the core repository.

```
